6 TAUPS AY RrDTEME Tom THe scour-eve n
fetched the day before Mr Langham clinited up yerterday! You shouldn't be alluwed tu be in the
it and gave ary ot digpust Cube. You bad better tear at once.”
“You hayre't leaped the shelf at all’ Bur hee Tom was horrihed. What would the Scout
fethe pavment Pletelor sea te tnd Ptheuahe master tay? What would his mother av? And
Jour muther would lose te share it sith yous theboya! He caught hotd ot Str Lang:bar’s arm,
He brousbt flown a large bow fchecslites let Sir, listen! [lke being a Cub i's dun. Dm
hedulu't give then te Lom Lean tel vs achanee? forty about those jola. Please, please, at jive me
ot lameclt that he couldivt even ded ar the std tome more joln te do amd IIb de them we,
man without any payment at all and [I take a hile
“And tow for the Last pavmentet ed Mr ling out of my uxn muney-bux to pay inte the
Lansham. "Came aleng Del you put the ness Scout's Fund.”
attaw inte the tastinit-boves!* “Mow am 1 to believe a deceitful hoy like you?*
Tet aid Ton. said Mr. Langham.
T Hut suppise vou were tues lary ta judd out the *Idon'thnow. Dut plea do, sir,” begged Torn,
old straw heer asd Me Lanhant SEicil you, Pawel to bea Cub. Daat beat te be
TYes ert sand Poni ina sera low veace inder™ turned out.”
Mr. Langham ted hin nite the het-heus TYes but the thing is do seu want to be a
He pulled out bork the uew ant ult arta fren geod Cub and Later on a fiesta fae Sout” card
the fest her and thee la abr shenew sapenee’ Mr. Langham. * That's what matters.”
He dhd the sane wath the last ban and there were *Y¥ex Fedo. And Twill, if yowil give me a
three new penmes, renint and stining Mr chance," said Tom. *E couldn't bear anyone to.
Langham picked them up and put them ity tis hear about this and how J dhia’t hnd any of the
own pocket, payment. Think of some more jobs tor me, sir
“You can go,” he said te Tam, * Twill tell the shard ones, long ones. UL won show you!
Scourmaster why 1 ase sou no payment Tov Well, Mr. Langham did think at some and
like you shouldn't Ge Cute and promise to dea they were hard and long ones -with no payment
good deed every day. Look at the bad ones you did acall, 5
B
j
a
